Here's a short story to show the final goal:
John opens up his laptop. There are 80 popup windows telling him to write a journal entry.
He has not yet written a journal entry.

How did we get here?

Well, John has been getting into journaling recently, but he finds it hard to keep motivated and do the journal
when it doesn't feel like the right time. So John decides he wants to try this program he saw in an ad (I'm
kidding, I don't have the budget for those). Upon installation, it asks if there's anything he'd like to push
himself to do, and he writes down "Write a journal entry!!!" so that he remembers. For repitition, he selects
"weekly," and for snooze times, he selects "hour-day."uuuuuuuuu8iiujijikjikjikjuu8kijiunjhtrtfmn mn mnmnjm,n mnm njm n mnmmnmnnmnnnnnnnn6tygtfcfgtrdcgrtfcvty
(sorry had to clean my keyboard) Anyways, he presses "Begin HydraNote," unknowing of the beast he has just released.

To the rest of us, we call it HydraNote. As in, the hydra. The thing with lots of heads that duplicate. The popups
duplicate too.

So John goes a few hours into his League of Legends time---take a shower, John!---when he gets a little popup
saying "Write a journal entry!!!" John is addicted to League of Legends---take a shower, John!---so he selects
"snooze for 1 hour," until he thinks he will stop playing League.

One hour passes, and John is still playing League. Take a shower, John! Because an hour has gone by, his faithful,
perfectly coded, and absolutely beautiful HydraNote companion reminds him to write a journal entry, this time with
TWO popups! John wants to play another hour of League (say it with me now!) so he selects
"snooze for 1 hour" on the first popup he sees. When he presses it, however, the second one remains on the screen.

He presses the same button on the second one, and everything continues as usual. Fast forward six hours, and
John has snoozed the popups six more times, and we arrive at the beginning of our story: with John at 80 popups
on his screen.

